This general's character has some flaws.
He doesn't know how to win my heart.
Luo Hai and the Huangwei gang had long wanted to touch him.
He does not lead to the core full head,
Then they unite to return to his palace.
In the end, General Tiansu and Shuangquannan were born for the first time.
But he ended up like this,
You care about it. Can't bear to see if this is still the case.
You can rest assured here. I must be able to.
Want something else. This thing is awesome.
What now. Dongxicai Tuan,
You are very important in Jiang Ruo's affairs.
But this time after the red,
All dragons have no hands, three generations of four and five months,
Master. You don't mean to. That's right
I want to integrate things and hide them next to each other. How about this young master?
Just leave this matter to me.
This is President Fu. Young Master Fu is here.
The company's business has been busy recently
first meeting
Integrating the Eastern and Western Groups
Just leave it to me
That's okay, the Yang is obvious
This Fufu president
Have you always been like this?
What about her character?
Really helpless
And he doesn’t really like others to defeat him.
Father-in-law, father-in-law, we are all to blame
So fast, so fast, so fast, yeah
I am also a traitor
but good thing
Who is he trying to say?